docs(hub/graphql-rla) reformat GraphQL Rate Limiting Adv. as a Hub doc (#1611)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/graphql-rate-limiting-advanced/index.md

      required: semi
      default:
      value_in_examples:
      description: |
        Sentinel master to use for Redis connection when the `redis` strategy is defined. Defining this value implies using Redis Sentinel.
    - name: redis.sentinel_role
      required: semi
      default:
      value_in_examples:
      description: |
        Sentinel role to use for Redis connection when the `redis` strategy is defined. Defining this value implies using Redis Sentinel.
    - name: redis.sentinel_addresses
      required: semi
      default:
      value_in_examples:
      description: |
        Sentinel addresses to use for Redis connection when the `redis` strategy is defined. Defining this value implies using Redis Sentinel.
    - name: redis.cluster_addresses
      required: semi
      default:
      value_in_examples:
      description: |
        Cluster addresses to use for Redis connection when the `redis` strategy is defined. Defining this value implies using Redis cluster.
    - name: window_type
      required:
      default: sliding
      value_in_examples:
      description: |
        This sets the time window to either `sliding` or `fixed`
  extra: |

>     **Note:  Redis configuration values are ignored if the `cluster` strategy is used.**

Author: @GayleNeumann and I were seeing > a lot. 

I think _just_ the **Note:** should get emboldened (for lack of a better term 😄), otherwise it's too much visually. 

I'll go with your suggestion for now since that's more consistent with recent docs, and we can decide on a convention later.

    **Note: PostgreSQL 9.5+ is required when using the `cluster` strategy with `postgres` as the backing Kong cluster data store. This requirement varies from the PostgreSQL 9.4+ requirement as described in the <a href="/install/source">Kong Community Edition documentation</a>.**

    **Note: The `dictionary_name` directive was added to prevent the usage of the `kong` shared dictionary, which could lead to `no memory` errors**

---

The GraphQL Rate limiting advanced plugin is an extension of the

> enterprise rate-limiting plugin that provides rate-limiting for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Rate Limiting Advanced** and provides rate-limiting for
```

query {
  allPeople(first:100) { # 1
    people {
      name
      vehicleConnection(first:10) { # 100 * 42
        vehicles {
          name
          filmConnection(first:5) { # 10 * 100
            films{
              title
              characterConnection(first:50) { # 5 * 10 * 100
                characters {
                  name
                }
              }
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
# total cost: 1 + 100 * 42 + 10 * 100 + 5 * 10 * 100 = 10201
```

## Usage

The following configuration example targets a GraphQL endpoint at our [SWAPI playground].

### Add a GraphQL service

```
http -f :8001/services name=example host=swapi-graphql.eskerda.now.sh port=443 protocol=https
http -f :8001/services/example/routes hosts=example.com
```

### Enable the plugin on the service

```
$ curl -i -X POST http://kong:8001/services/{service}/plugins \
  --data name=rate-limiting-advanced \
  --data config.limit=100,10000 \
  --data config.window_size=60,3600 \
  --data config.sync_rate=10
```

### Decorate gql schema for costs

Cost decoration schema looks like:

| Form Parameter    | default   | description
|-------------------|-----------|-------------

> | `type_path        |           | Path to node to decorate

Author: Thanks, will check locally!

> | `type_path        |           | Path to node to decorate

Author: That fixed it.
<img width="807" alt="Screen Shot 2019-11-19 at 4 26 25 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/21048592/69198428-8009b900-0ae9-11ea-8f53-555d40e59ad1.png">

| `add_constant`    | `1`       | Node weight when added
| `add_arguments`   | `[]`      | List of arguments to add to add_constant
| `mul_constant`    | `1`       | Node weight multiplier value
| `mul_arguments`   | `[]`      | List of arguments that multiply weight

Cost decoration is available on the following routes:

#### `/services/{service}/graphql-rate-limiting-advanced/costs`

* **GET**: list of costs associated to a service schema
* **PUT**, **POST**: add a cost to a service schema

#### `/graphql-rate-limiting-advanced/costs`

> * GET: list of all costs on any service

Author: ```suggestion
* **GET**: list of all costs on any service
```

> * PUT, POST: add a cost to a service schema

Author: ```suggestion
* **PUT**, **POST**: add a cost to a service schema
```

#### `/graphql-rate-limiting-advanced/costs/{cost_id}`

> * GET: get cost associated by id

Author: ```suggestion
* **GET**: get cost associated by id
```

> * PATCH: modify cost associated by id

Author: ```suggestion
* **PATCH**: modify cost associated by id
```

> * DELETE: delete cost associated by id

Author: ```suggestion
* **DELETE**: delete cost associated by id
```

For example:

```
http -f :8001/services/example/graphql-rate-limiting-advanced/costs type_path="Query.allPeople" mul_arguments="first"
http -f :8001/services/example/graphql-rate-limiting-advanced/costs type_path="Person.vehicleConnection" mul_arguments="first" add_constant=42
http -f :8001/services/example/graphql-rate-limiting-advanced/costs type_path="Vehicle.filmConnection" mul_arguments="first"

> http -f :8001/services/example/graphql-rate-limiting-advanced/costs type_path="Film.characterConnection" mul_arguments="first"

Author: @eskerda , tagging you in case you have a response.

> http -f :8001/services/example/graphql-rate-limiting-advanced/costs type_path="Film.characterConnection" mul_arguments="first"

Author: Yeah, I think these examples belong beneath line 400, the first command.
